 Overview of the assignment

[NOTE: You are no longer required to link your accounts.  Some students had reasonable objections to the requirement to make their profile public.  Questions related to this requirement are still included for reference, but you are not required to answer them, and no points can be earned from answering them.]

In this assignment, you will be participating in an active  Kaggle competition.  You can see the active competitions by filtering the list with the controls at the left.

This project is VERY open-ended. You may use whatever combination of techniques and tools you think are appropriate to generate a solution. 

You will be graded by a simple peer review.  You will turn in a brief writeup (a few sentences each) of your problem, your solution, your evaluation, and some improvement.   The reviewers are not expected to judge the technical efficacy of your approach, but to make sure that the descriptions are clear and sensible.  

Clarity is more important than technical depth in this exercise -- you are trying to briefly explain your approach and how well it worked.   Think of it as an elevator conversation rather than a full report.

You will need to submit your writeup by 6/17 in order to allow time for a peer review in the final week.  This does not give you much time, so don't bite off more than you can chew!  The idea is to get a good, simple, comprehensible solution rather than try to impress people with how smart you are.   Start small, and improve your solution incrementally -- don't try to save the world, boil the ocean, or any other hyperbolic metaphors.  

If you are unsure where to begin, consider working on the Titanic Competition. There is some great help available for that competition in the kaggle forums, and we discuss it in the lectures as well.

If you've already completed kaggle competitions, all you need to is briefly write up you solution and you're done! But of course, it may be fun to try another competition....

HAVE FUN!!!
